Problem Description: Clearly state the problem your target users face. Why is this a relevant or important issue? Describe the real-world impact of the problem and the pain points your users experience.
With increasing prices and the growing number of available products, many people find it difficult to manage their personal finances. Consumers may feel overwhelmed with managing their essential purchases, as well as subscriptions for almost every entertainment platform. Without a way to track expenses, it makes it easy to overspend or fall short of financial goals.

Proposed Solution: Detail how your web application will address the problem. What features or functionalities will your application include to help solve the issue? The solution should be directly tied to the problem, demonstrating a clear benefit to the users. 
Our expense tracking system will address this issue by providing users detailed information about their spending, and can offer suggestions based on their behavior. In addition, the user will be able to see their purchases categorized, providing a clear breakdown of their own spending habits. Our application's generated visualizations will make budgeting feel rewarding. Users will also be able to set financial goals for themselves, or choose from a library of commonly used pre-existing ones. This will benefit users by helping them keep up to date and visualize their own progress. Moreover, users will be able to set budgets for specific categories and receive alerts when they approach or exceed their limits, helping them stay on track and avoid overspending. 

Why This Matters: Explain the importance of solving this problem. How will solving this issue improve the lives or experiences of your target users? This section helps justify the need for your application and sets the stage for its development. 
In a time where prices are rising and there are an overwhelming amount of products and services to choose from, it is crucial to maintain control over personal finance. Without a proper way to monitor expenses and financial habits, the user is at risk of accumulating debt, missing payments, or may miss out on opportunities such as traveling.  An expense tracker can help to put the users’ mind at ease and help them develop better financial awareness.
